README.md, before:

<p align="center">
    <img width="800" src="https://media.giphy.com/media/JpGRoqJXTqv4f1mrJb/giphy.gif" alt="Pentest Resources Banner">
</p>

# 📚 Pentest-Resources

A curated list of websites and github repos with pentest/redteam `cheatsheets`, `tools`, `techniques`, `CTF write-ups`, `programming languages`, and more.

The goal of this project is to centralize **pertinent** and **most used** pentest/redteam cheatsheets, techniques, tools, write-ups, and more for like-minded offensive security enthusiasts and professionals. 

## Summary

- Binaries
- Blogs
- Cheatsheets
- CTF Write-ups & Videos
- Cybersecurity Labs
- Networking
- Payloads
- Programming & Scripting Notes
- Search Engines
- Tools
- Wordlists


## Binaries
| Name | Author(s) / Maintainer(s) | Description | Link | Type |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Gtfobins | [Emilio Pinna](https://twitter.com/norbemi), [Andrea Cardaci](https://twitter.com/cyrus_and) | A curated list of Unix binaries that can be used to bypass local security restrictions in misconfigured systems. | [Link](https://gtfobins.github.io/) | Unix |
| LOLBAS | [Oddvar Moe](https://www.linkedin.com/in/oddvarmoe/) | Contains a list of Windows binaries, scripts, and libraries that can be used for executing codes, Compiling code, UAC bypass, Persistance, etc | [Link](https://lolbas-project.github.io/#) | Windows |


## Blogs
| Name | Author(s) / Maintainer(s) | Description | Link | Type |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Juggernaut Pentesting Academy | [Juggernaut](https://juggernaut-sec.com/whoami/) | Extensive blog on General Offsec, Red Teaming and Pentesting Topics | [Link](https://juggernaut-sec.com/blog/) | Pentest, Red Team, Offsec Topics |
| 0xBEN | [Benjamin H.](https://www.linkedin.com/in/benjaminheater/) | 0xBEN's blog featuring cybersecurity/IT resources, cheat sheets, and write-ups. | [Link](https://benheater.com/) | Cybersecurity/IT |
| NetSPI Blog | NetSPI | A blog on various Pentest, Red Team, General Offsec focused topics. | [Link](https://www.netspi.com/blog/technical/) | Pentest/Red Team in depth
| Hacking Articles | [Raj Chandel - Founder](https://www.linkedin.com/in/rajchandel/?originalSubdomain=in) and Others | Detailed and Summarised articles on various Pentest and Red Team topics, Offsec Tools and CTF writeups | [Link](https://www.hackingarticles.in/) | Pentest/Red Team |
| TechMint | [Ravi Saive](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ravisaive/) | Free online community-supported publication that publishes practical and useful out-of-the-box high-quality articles on Linux, Sysadmin, Security, DevOps, Cloud Computing, Tools, and many other topics. | [Link](https://www.tecmint.com/) | Linux, Sysadmin, Security, Tools, etc |


## Cheatsheets
| Name | Author(s) / Maintainer(s) | Description | Link | Type |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| HackTricks | [Carlos Polop](https://www.linkedin.com/in/carlos-polop-martin/) | A website featuring curated hacking tricks, techniques, and methodologies, spanning from network penetration testing to web penetration testing. | [Link](https://book.hacktricks.xyz/welcome/readme) | Pentest |
| pentestmonkey | [pentestmonkey](https://twitter.com/pentestmonkey) | Contains pentest blogs, tools, and cheatsheets | [Link](https://pentestmonkey.net/) | Pentest |
| Active Directory Exploitation Cheat Sheet | [Nikos Katsiopis](https://twitter.com/S1ckB0y1337) | A cheat sheet that contains common enumeration and attack methods for Windows Active Directory. | [Link](https://github.com/S1ckB0y1337/Active-Directory-Exploitation-Cheat-Sheet) | Active Directory |
| OSCP Cheatsheet | [Sai Sathvik](https://twitter.com/nullshock1) | OSCP cheatsheets to prepare effectively for the certification | [Link](https://github.com/saisathvik1/OSCP-Cheatsheet) | OSCP |
| explainshell.com | [Idan Kamara](https://aleph.nu/about/) | A web interface capable of parsing man pages, extracting options and explaining a given command-line by matching each argument to the relevant help text in the man page. | [Link](https://www.explainshell.com/) | Shell/Linux |
| WADComs | [John Woodman](https://twitter.com/JohnWoodman15) | An interactive cheat sheet, containing a curated list of offensive security tools and their respective commands, to be used against Windows/AD environments | [Link](https://wadcoms.github.io/) | Windows/AD |



## 📝 To-Do List

- [ ] Add a Table of Content

- [ ] Arrange each type of resource into separate tables, e.g Tools, CTF/write-ups, cheatsheets, binaries
  
- [ ] Arrange them alphabetically

## ⭐ Contributing

Contributions are welcomed. This list is not exhaustive, and I might have missed other pertinent resources. Therefore, feel free to add useful pentest/redteam resources to the list. The resources could be for pentesting tools, techniques, cheatsheets, write-ups, blogs, payloads, and wordlists.

I appreciate your contributions to Pentest-Resources-Cheat-Sheets and look forward to working together to improve this project!

### How to Contribute

1. **Fork the Repository**: Start by forking the Pentest-Resources-Cheat-Sheets repository to your GitHub account. You can do this by clicking the "Fork" button on the top right of the repository page.

2. **Clone the Repository**: Clone your forked repository to your local machine using the following command, replacing `/bL34cHig0/` with your GitHub username and `your-feature-name` with your desired name:

   ```
   git clone https://github.com/bL34cHig0/Pentest-Resources-Cheat-Sheets.git
   ```

3. **Create a Branch**: Before making changes, create a new branch for your work:

   ```
   git checkout -b feature/your-feature-name
   ```

   Be sure to choose an appropriate branch name that describes the purpose of your changes.

4. **Make Your Changes**: Make your desired changes to the list and follow the format.

5. **Commit Your Changes**: Commit your changes with clear and concise commit messages:

   ```
   git commit -m "Add feature/fix: describe your changes here"
   ```

6. **Push Your Changes**: Push your changes to your forked repository:

   ```
   git push origin feature/your-feature-name
   ```

7. **Submit a Pull Request (PR)**: Go to the original  repository and click the "New Pull Request" button. Provide a detailed description of your changes, why they are necessary, and any relevant context.


### Reporting Issues

If you would like to discuss improvements, please open an issue on the GitHub repository or reach out to me via [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ha-bib/)

### Note

Some of these websites and github repos are open-source. Contributors not mentioned are credited on each projects' official page.

Commit message:

feat: Add CTF Write-ups & Videos Table

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
    <img width="800" src="https://media.giphy.com/media/JpGRoqJXTqv4f1mrJb/giphy.gif" alt="Pentest Resources Banner">
</p>

# 📚 Pentest-Resources

A curated list of websites and github repos with pentest/redteam `cheatsheets`, `tools`, `techniques`, `CTF write-ups`, `programming languages`, and more.

The goal of this project is to centralize **pertinent** and **most used** pentest/redteam cheatsheets, techniques, tools, write-ups, and more for like-minded offensive security enthusiasts and professionals. 

## Summary

- Binaries
- Blogs
- Cheatsheets
- CTF Write-ups & Videos
- Cybersecurity Labs
- Networking
- Payloads
- Programming & Scripting Notes
- Search Engines
- Tools
- Wordlists


## Binaries
| Name | Author(s) / Maintainer(s) | Description | Link | Type |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Gtfobins | [Emilio Pinna](https://twitter.com/norbemi), [Andrea Cardaci](https://twitter.com/cyrus_and) | A curated list of Unix binaries that can be used to bypass local security restrictions in misconfigured systems. | [Link](https://gtfobins.github.io/) | Unix |
| LOLBAS | [Oddvar Moe](https://www.linkedin.com/in/oddvarmoe/) | Contains a list of Windows binaries, scripts, and libraries that can be used for executing codes, Compiling code, UAC bypass, Persistance, etc | [Link](https://lolbas-project.github.io/#) | Windows |


## Blogs
| Name | Author(s) / Maintainer(s) | Description | Link | Type |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Juggernaut Pentesting Academy | [Juggernaut](https://juggernaut-sec.com/whoami/) | Extensive blog on General Offsec, Red Teaming and Pentesting Topics | [Link](https://juggernaut-sec.com/blog/) | Pentest, Red Team, Offsec Topics |
| 0xBEN | [Benjamin H.](https://www.linkedin.com/in/benjaminheater/) | 0xBEN's blog featuring cybersecurity/IT resources, cheat sheets, and write-ups. | [Link](https://benheater.com/) | Cybersecurity/IT |
| NetSPI Blog | NetSPI | A blog on various Pentest, Red Team, General Offsec focused topics. | [Link](https://www.netspi.com/blog/technical/) | Pentest/Red Team in depth
| Hacking Articles | [Raj Chandel - Founder](https://www.linkedin.com/in/rajchandel/?originalSubdomain=in) and Others | Detailed and Summarised articles on various Pentest and Red Team topics, Offsec Tools and CTF writeups | [Link](https://www.hackingarticles.in/) | Pentest/Red Team |
| TechMint | [Ravi Saive](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ravisaive/) | Free online community-supported publication that publishes practical and useful out-of-the-box high-quality articles on Linux, Sysadmin, Security, DevOps, Cloud Computing, Tools, and many other topics. | [Link](https://www.tecmint.com/) | Linux, Sysadmin, Security, Tools, etc |


## Cheatsheets
| Name | Author(s) / Maintainer(s) | Description | Link | Type |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| HackTricks | [Carlos Polop](https://www.linkedin.com/in/carlos-polop-martin/) | A website featuring curated hacking tricks, techniques, and methodologies, spanning from network penetration testing to web penetration testing. | [Link](https://book.hacktricks.xyz/welcome/readme) | Pentest |
| pentestmonkey | [pentestmonkey](https://twitter.com/pentestmonkey) | Contains pentest blogs, tools, and cheatsheets | [Link](https://pentestmonkey.net/) | Pentest |
| Active Directory Exploitation Cheat Sheet | [Nikos Katsiopis](https://twitter.com/S1ckB0y1337) | A cheat sheet that contains common enumeration and attack methods for Windows Active Directory. | [Link](https://github.com/S1ckB0y1337/Active-Directory-Exploitation-Cheat-Sheet) | Active Directory |
| OSCP Cheatsheet | [Sai Sathvik](https://twitter.com/nullshock1) | OSCP cheatsheets to prepare effectively for the certification | [Link](https://github.com/saisathvik1/OSCP-Cheatsheet) | OSCP |
| explainshell.com | [Idan Kamara](https://aleph.nu/about/) | A web interface capable of parsing man pages, extracting options and explaining a given command-line by matching each argument to the relevant help text in the man page. | [Link](https://www.explainshell.com/) | Shell/Linux |
| WADComs | [John Woodman](https://twitter.com/JohnWoodman15) | An interactive cheat sheet, containing a curated list of offensive security tools and their respective commands, to be used against Windows/AD environments | [Link](https://wadcoms.github.io/) | Windows/AD |


## CTF Write-ups & Videos
| Name | Author(s) / Maintainer(s) | Description | Link | Type      |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |-----------|
| IppSec | [IppSec](https://twitter.com/ippsec) | IppSec's website that helps streamline your search for his YouTube videos and courses on HTB walkthroughs and techniques | [Link](https://ippsec.rocks/?#) | videos    |
| 0xdf hacks stuff | [0xdf](https://twitter.com/0xdf) | 0xdf's website with detailed write-ups on HTB machines | [Link](https://0xdf.gitlab.io/) | write-ups |


## 📝 To-Do List

- [ ] Add a Table of Content

- [ ] Arrange each type of resource into separate tables, e.g Tools, CTF/write-ups, cheatsheets, binaries
  
- [ ] Arrange them alphabetically

## ⭐ Contributing

Contributions are welcomed. This list is not exhaustive, and I might have missed other pertinent resources. Therefore, feel free to add useful pentest/redteam resources to the list. The resources could be for pentesting tools, techniques, cheatsheets, write-ups, blogs, payloads, and wordlists.

I appreciate your contributions to Pentest-Resources-Cheat-Sheets and look forward to working together to improve this project!

### How to Contribute

1. **Fork the Repository**: Start by forking the Pentest-Resources-Cheat-Sheets repository to your GitHub account. You can do this by clicking the "Fork" button on the top right of the repository page.

2. **Clone the Repository**: Clone your forked repository to your local machine using the following command, replacing `/bL34cHig0/` with your GitHub username and `your-feature-name` with your desired name:

   ```
   git clone https://github.com/bL34cHig0/Pentest-Resources-Cheat-Sheets.git
   ```

3. **Create a Branch**: Before making changes, create a new branch for your work:

   ```
   git checkout -b feature/your-feature-name
   ```

   Be sure to choose an appropriate branch name that describes the purpose of your changes.

4. **Make Your Changes**: Make your desired changes to the list and follow the format.

5. **Commit Your Changes**: Commit your changes with clear and concise commit messages:

   ```
   git commit -m "Add feature/fix: describe your changes here"
   ```

6. **Push Your Changes**: Push your changes to your forked repository:

   ```
   git push origin feature/your-feature-name
   ```

7. **Submit a Pull Request (PR)**: Go to the original  repository and click the "New Pull Request" button. Provide a detailed description of your changes, why they are necessary, and any relevant context.


### Reporting Issues

If you would like to discuss improvements, please open an issue on the GitHub repository or reach out to me via [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ha-bib/)

### Note

Some of these websites and github repos are open-source. Contributors not mentioned are credited on each projects' official page.
